---
title: "Multiple Semantic Matching on Augmented N-Partite Graph for Object Co-Segmentation"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/TIP2017
excerpt: 'Recent methods for object co-segmentation focus on discovering single co-occurring relation of candidate regions representing the foreground of multiple images. However, region extraction based only on low and middle level information often occupies a large area of background without the help of semantic
context. In addition, seeking single matching solution very likely leads to discover local parts of common objects. To cope with these deficiencies, we present a new object co-segmentation framework, which takes advantages of semantic information and globally explores multiple co-occurring matching cliques based on an N-partite graph structure. To this end, we first propose to incorporate candidate generation with semantic context. Based on the regions extracted from semantic segmentation of
each image, we design a merging mechanism to hierarchically generate candidates with high semantic responses. Second, all candidates are taken into consideration to globally formulate multiple maximum weighted matching cliques, which complement the discovery of part of the common objects induced by a single clique. To facilitate the discovery of multiple matching cliques, an N-partite graph, which inherently excludes intralinks between candidates from the same image, is constructed to separate multiple cliques without additional constraints. Further, we augment the graph with an additional virtual node in each part to handle irrelevant matches when the similarity between the two candidates is too small. Finally, with the explored multiple cliques, we statistically compute pixel-wise co-occurrence map for each image.'
date: 2017
venue: 'IEEE Transactions on Image Processing'
paperurl: 'http://academicpages.github.io/files/TIP2017.pdf'
citation: '	Chuan Wang, Hua Zhang, Liang Yang, Xiaochun Cao, Hongkai Xiong: Multiple Semantic Matching on Augmented N-Partite Graph for Object Co-Segmentation. IEEE Trans. Image Process. 26(12): 5825-5839 (2017)'
---
This paper is about the number 2. The number 3 is left for future work.

[Download paper here](http://academicpages.github.io/files/paper2.pdf)

Recommended citation: Your Name, You. (2010). "Paper Title Number 2." <i>Journal 1</i>. 1(2).
